I wonder how many people see through the
rhetoric of totalitarian liberalism and
recognize what is being done to them the
country is moving toward fascism with
ever more power being consigned to the
omnipresent paternalistic later to be
omnipotent state that was his reply when
he was confronted with the difference
between rape fantasies and actual rape
we've seen all these other evasions
before but now he is in effect saying
well if you think what he endorses is
bad
just take a look at UM you know how
totalitarian life in the modern 1990s
United States of America is mind blowing
and I don't think he's putting on an act
I think he believes this I think he's
deeply committed to the role he's
playing and to the philosophy and
political position that he is preparing
the interviewer presses further here of
course a rape fantasy cannot harm a
woman whereas a rapist can reading about
being a slave is a lot more intriguing
than actually being a slave so again can
we press the author can we press John
Norman to recognize these are two very
different things
we're no longer talking about dress-up
playtime we're talking about his stated
political ideology his philosophy on
actual abduction kidnapping and
enslavement Norman replies perhaps but
within the privacy of their own
relationships many women do live and
love the life of a female slave no they
don't
no they don't John those women you're
talking about they read books they have
jobs right they have a whole life
outside of the life of a slave in a
slave Society have you read even one
book about what slavery was like in the
United States of America just a couple
hundred years ago no no they don't
some people it's not even a very large
percentage of people let's let's be
honest what number people
enjoy pretending to be a slave it's a
pretty small minority there's small
minority of people who like pretending
that for how many hours a day is it even
two hours a day all right this is way
less popular than video games let's face
it people would rather pretend to be the
Super Mario Brothers I mean this is
really not that common a pastime but the
people who do that is a pastime they
still care about their Liberty they
still care about their political
autonomy they still care about democracy
about having the right to vote or write
a letter to parliament participa they
still care about whatever ecology and
rights so whatever the issues are they
care about all right no it is not the
case that any percentage of women not
even 1% not even 1/2 1% actually want to
be slaves in the sense of losing those
liberties which let's face it also
includes loss of access to education
from childhood forward I just mentioned
really briefly I value the fact that I
used to live in a society where I was
surrounded by people who had zero formal
education when I lived in Laos and
Cambodia at that time there's still war
people who had never been to school but
never been to a classroom at all not
even great one and you got to see how
human intelligence develops in the total
absence of literacy total absence of
formal education and people can still be
smart and they can still be clever but
you know they cannot read the warnings
on a can of beans or something they
can't read a cigarette packet they can't
read labels they you know their their
place in society the 21st century is is
really quite tragic you know being
illiterate no no no John it's not
anyone's fantasy to be a powerless safe
there's more than one unspoken problem
here that's right and ready for critique
if you have a slave society like that of
gore you don't just have enslaved women
you also have enslaved men the
interviewer asks in your books men
regard slavery as a fate worse than
death the women on the other hand fight
slavery but come to understand that it
is their highest state
I cannot remember if anyone in your book
Hunter's of gore says kiss the whip but
the sentiment which is echoed frequently
in the later novels aptly expresses the
breakthrough moment for the women you
depict doesn't that express violence
against women the author's reply the
issue is not violence but dominance and
strength many women respond to strength
and force they like it they want it most
women want a man capable of mastering
them I asked simply if that is not an
evasion of the ethical philosophical and
political point what is the interviewer
continues as in romance novels Norman
the genre is referred to as bada
strippers at a fiction writers
convention a few years ago I intended a
panel on romances one woman author
accounted a criticism she had received
from her editrix to the effect that the
hero had not raped the heroine that was
supposedly something to be corrected why
the interviewer just asks why
but look what Norman jumps to say in
response quote I frankly suspect that
the matter is biological and this does
lie somewhere within all women one
supposes that there is a man in a
situation in which any woman could be
mastered and would respond as a loving
slave our intrepid interviewer David a
Smith does not let him off the hook that
easily quote there was a large
difference between power romances where
the heroine succumbs willingly to the
heroes greater strength and the rape
romances where the heroine has to be
enslaved and bludgeoned into submitting
only to be liberated later on while you
may take issue with the word rape your
heroes put women in Chains brand them
starve them and use force to make them
succumb to sex that the women come to
enjoy or even to crave their submission
does not change the fact that force was
used to obtain it in the first place I
am sure that many women who want to
swoon for mr. Heathcliff or mr.
Rochester would draw
line at using force to procure sex and
here is the ever so disappointing reply
from John Norman when confronted on this
fundamental problem not just with his
fiction but with his deadpan serious
philosophical and political claims quote
there is very little bludgeoning in the
gorian books women slaves are mastered
but there seems to be a little physical
abuse involvement there seems there
seems to be little physical abuse vil
there seems to be little balance you
would think we were talking to someone
here who hadn't read the books and we're
talking to the guy who wrote them
alright there's little violence compared
to what have you ever heard of a series
of books that had more violence against
women that had more rape that had more
abduction kidnapping sexual slavery we
continue there is of course the actual
control of food and the threat of the
whip that would be normal in a barbarian
Society
and I remind you this is being said by
someone who presents this vision of the
future for our own society as the best
possible world given human nature it's
quite quite a claim he made there quite
a claim that there's there's there's
very little bludgeoning so well people
are whipped and starved and branded and
abducted and raped but there's very
little bludgeoning so what John Norman
draws the line at bludgeoning and
therefore thinks he's presenting us with
some kind of utopia and some kind of
model for a better political society a
better society than our own in the 21st
century that he reviles in a lot of
verbiage he's borrowed from Ayn Rand he
reveals as being some kind of terrible
totalitarian dystopia from the
perspective of a slave I think any slave
living in his parallel universe of gore
would regard our society right here
right now as a utopia including the fact
we have access to running water
electricity and free government provided
education upward mobility employment
that goes beyond mere slavery quote so
in this book
tarah sets out for the north and on the
way gains the trust of a group of Viking
raiders with acts of heroism and
one-liners the Vikings from Torvalds
land ransack a temple of the priests
kings and take quite a bit of gold along
with the choice women of the surrounding
town this is where the story gets really
kinky for about 60 pages straight during
which Tarla break from his quest and
enjoys a little erotic vacation in
Torvalds land while we get to learn
firsthand about breaking in slave girls
yep initially I found Ivor Forkbeard
Jarl of the Viking rose to be a pretty
interesting character up until he began
whipping women and repeating mantras
like a brand improves a woman while
laughing continuously then I felt like
he was a psychopath and not a funny haha
psychopath as you often see in pulp
novels only a few days of indoctrination
wholly transforms the slave girls into
giddy sex maniacs completely dedicated
to the service of their master and any
other free man around who has the
consent to bang them let's be clear that
would be
consent from the slave owners not
consent from the slave there are so many
things outrageously obviously wrong with
John Norman's philosophy of a better
future built on rape and sex slavery um
even if you can construe as John Norman
tries to that a particular woman may
love a particular man enough to be
enthralled by him shall we say enough to
act out some kind of master slave
dynamic in their relationship there is
no argument for why buying and selling
women in a slave market which happens in
these books all the time there is no
argument for why women being kidnapped
and abducted by force as just happened
in this description and happens these
besson there's no reason why men sharing
these women sometimes in the basis of
prostitution that happens in the books
sometimes the basis of them playing
kinds of games or sports where the
winner gets to rape the woman and so on
what's actually described and put
forward for the readers delectation as
satisfying and necessary given human
nature it would be impossible to imagine
this being anything less than
traumatizing and horrible for the women
involved I don't know even using your
imagination and the most liberal way
possible to imagine the most kinky BDSM
obsessed when possible but to reorganize
all of society on this basis to imagine
and insist as John Norman does that this
is something innate to womankind and
Universal in human nature and that women
feel this way regardless of who the man
is regardless of which man it is that
happens to dominate them use them and
abuse them in this way that is truly
mind-blowing I mean I'm sure by the same
token he couldn't imagine that he
himself would feel the same way about
all women he wouldn't feel attracted to
all women you know even just talking
about it physically let alone mentally
he does by the way constantly share with
us his judgments about what is and isn't
an attractive woman and how he feels the
modern decadent West has slid away from
an
of true beauty all of his personal
sexual predilections he regards as
scientific facts they're either
scientific facts under the heading of
psychology or under the heading of
biology only very rarely is he put into
a corner where he has to claim their
facts under the heading of philosophy it
seems to be his area he avoids as much
as possible but he thinks it's a
biological fact that the women he finds
attractive are really attractive
whereas what our decadent society puts
on the cover of Cosmopolitan magazine
the women who in our modern Western
study are considered attractive that's
somehow demented and bad and wrong and
reflects the extent to which we've all
fallen away from the primordial and
Stone Age perfection that he is trying
in his way as a creative author to
return us to how dare you say John
Norman that there's relatively little
violence how dare you say that there's
nobody gets bludgeoned or nobody gets
hurt you have very explicitly described
throughout your books
precisely people being bludgeoned
precisely people being physically
destroyed physically hurt what you leave
unstated is what the emotional and
psychological consequences would be for
any particular people and what the
consequence would be if you actually
scale this up to look at a society of
millions as a whole and the sad fact is
there's a whole you know shelf full of
books in the library that really can
describe that for you you can look at
the history of slave societies you can
look at what life is like in societies
even more just there were really really
high levels of prostitution and
interviews with the prostitutes and what
their lives are like when they look back
on the decades they lost sometimes being
an outright captivity and sex slavery
sometimes more in a gray area and so on
you know it would actually be very easy
for him to read about the real-world
implications of having a society that
permits this kind of sex slavery
domination all right and yes I'm sorry
to say I think he would run into some
ineluctable impossible to obviate
scientific
facts that really do prove that he is in
the wrong and this is a man whose whole
life was based on the concede that he
alone was writing science fiction
whereas the other authors in his
category had no interest in science at
all because he alone
he felt took the lessons of Friedrich
Nietzsche and Sigmund Freud and applied
them scientifically to psychology he had
discovered the key to human nature and
you see now in this short video what it
is he felt that he unlocked only a few
days of indoctrination wholly transforms
the slave girls into giddy sex maniacs
completely dedicated the service of
their master and any other free man
around who has the consent of the master
to bang them Tarleton's quite a few
girls to the Furze since there don't
seem to be any coaches around in the
north
the slave girls end up thanking their
captors for freeing them sexually
through rape if you can imagine that
John Norman's intense attention to
detail was a bit too much in this third
of marauders of gore and ended up not
being sexy whatsoever just vile and
ludicrous I'd like to thank the author
of that review for really taking the
time to put some verb and panache into
it many of the reviews instead read as
follows which are brief and to the point
I just draw your attention to fact this
guy gave it three stars many of the
people who condemn these books harshly
still see some value in them
but why does he have to go on and on
about the same all women need to be
dominated they just don't know it yet
scenario honestly most of what he drones
on about lasts for ages it seems and he
puts it right in the middle of the
action
as if the characters stop and rethink
their whole lives every other minute
a female reviewer here who read this
book because of the cover art she's into
belly dancing and she thought this would
be an interesting science fiction book
about belly dancing how wrong she was
the dialogue is atrocious
it's full of pointless conversations
such as master you are chained slave yes
master master you enjoy being chained
slave yes master I am a slave master you
enjoy being a slave slave yes
master followed by the slave begging for
sex although what she's all hot and
bothered about remains to be seen this
brings me to another point yes this book
is about women being slaves to men I was
not expecting it to be a feminist book I
could appreciate it if it was the
fantasy sexy fun I figured it would be
instead it's filled with pages full of
Norman's own insistence that modern
women are somehow denying their true
femininity by not enslaving themselves
to men Norman
constantly bashes feminism to the point
that it pulls you right out of the
fantasy at every turn slaves are
constantly insisting that they love to
be a slave that explaining they were
meant to be a slave how they are now
fully aware of their femaleness and how
badly earth women are missing out on
this slave paradise etc instead of
feeling like I'm taking to another world
where things are different than on earth
I feel like I'm reading a book that is
the author's soapbox for his anti
feminist views and his sexual fantasy
land despite the fact that he
conveniently skips describing the sex
scenes and spends all his time detailing
how the women are chained instead in the
book hunters of Gore after many
encounters most of which involved the
victor staking out the vanquished naked
on the ground the men eventually conquer
the women whereupon a remarkable to me
transformation occurs all of the women
all of the Panther girls except their
leader
fling themselves joyfully upon their
conquering men ecstatic at becoming
sexual and social slaves delighted that
in overcoming their pose of Independence
their captors have genuinely freed them
from themselves this plotline is
qualitatively different from the
previous stories where slavery and
sexuality are present but the main story
is adventure we've seen again and again
how Norman replies when he's pressed on
this issue when he's really pressed on
the point this is violence this is rape
and he's not going to disappoint us with
his evasive and dishonest reply now he
takes the most cowardly route of all
again and again of trying to represent
himself as the
victim here as if the problem is that he
has all his life been hounded and
persecuted for political reasons by
these feminists who see some projection
of all in his work for no valid reason
at all when Anne Rice gets away with the
same thing blah blah blah
here is John Norman's reply betty
Ballentine objected to the book hundreds
of gore we had a signed contract but the
book was rejected with their explanation
I heard nothing further for some time
finally I asked Ian Ballentine who was
rather embarrassed with the whole matter
speculated that Betty's problem with the
text was the fact that the book contains
sexual matter as part of the rich
background of a barbaric culture the
interview were asked so the problem was
the sexual content
Norman's reply I was told the problem
was not sex I inferred it must be
political John Norman is an inspiration
but not at all in the way he imagined
himself to be I knew professors who
lived a bookish dim windowless existence
at the university Anto and for me they
were a negative role model I looked at
these men and thought I don't want to
end up like that I want to actually go
to Cambodia well I'm young and strong
and can take some risks and I want to go
to northern Laos and walk around with
the landmines and if a land mine blows
off my leg so be it
I want to see the Mekong I want to see
these archaeological dig sites in their
native habitat I don't just want to see
them in a museum in Europe I want to
actually go to Southeast Asia and have
this experience I want to do
humanitarian work I want to volunteer to
work on a rice farm I want to get my
hands dirty and I'm not gonna be able to
do it when I'm 65 it's got to be now now
now and I knew professors who live their
whole life back and forth between the
library and the endless bureaucratic
meetings that you know define life for
most career academics I thought I don't
want to end up like you there's a really
strange sense in which you can look at
the work and life of John Norman as this
guy he was he
a PhD of philosophy he became a career
University professor and he decided not
either to rebel against that in the way
I did and get out and actually start
living the life that he really thought
was worth living nor did he rebelled
against that you know within you know
the the sphere of philosophy he became
passionately obsessed with promoting
this philosophical and political view of
the world that made sense to absolutely
nobody but himself
he worked in this strange isolation
where I think probably aside from this
one interview he probably never heard
anyone say to him or suggest to him just
how bad his repeting was just how
fundamentally stupid and wrong his sense
of mission and purpose in life really
was and he's remained devoted to it he's
never taken a step off that long and
narrow path from 1966 to 2020 John
Norman proves that you can't save the
world alone and he shows how dangerous
it is to work in that kind of isolation
where you're never challenged in your
way of thinking where you convince
yourself that you're saving the world
when in fact all you're doing is digging
yourself ever deeper into a narrow pit
of your own self delusion frankly of
your own narcissistic fantasies you do
me good guys cuz I come in here every
single day
poverty flutter covered in booty shorts
do not the Terms of Service so they each
every one of your peanut [ __ ] on
the keyboard so you can enjoy the stream
so you could have a good time listening
to me playing
me singing with me styling with me enjoy
your life would you and jus you do you
do deserve to enjoy each and every
moment of your life you enjoy it and
every one of your life is worthy you
guys you can do it you can be the best
that you can be and we can do it
together it's gonna take effort it's
going to take patience it's going to
take a lot a lot a lot a lot of work but
if we don't try then what the [ __ ] is
stopping us from this throwing ourselves
off a bridge and giving up and saying
that the planet is deities the
government hates ID the animals are
leaving the aliens are contacting us we
might be alone it just might be you and
me but that's okay because you really
need anyone else